Backport of Add missing parameter signature_bits to the generate root PKI API docs into release/1.18.x (#29526)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/pki/index.mdx

  `alt_names` map using OID 2.5.4.5. Note that this has no impact on the
  Certificate's serial number field, which Vault randomly generates.

> - `signature_bits` `(int: 0)` - Specifies the number of bits to use in
>   the signature algorithm; accepts 256 for SHA-2-256, 384 for SHA-2-384,
>   and 512 for SHA-2-512. Defaults to 0 to automatically detect based
>   on issuer's key length (SHA-2-256 for RSA keys, and matching the curve size
>   for NIST P-Curves).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `signature_bits` `(int: 0)` - The number of bits used in the signature
  algorithm. Must be one of the following:
    - `256` to use SHA-2-256
    - `384` to use SHA-2-384,
    - `512` to use SHA-2-512
    - `0` to use automatic detection based on the issuer key length. For example,
      SHA-2-256 for RSA keys, and matching the curve size for NIST P-Curves.
```
Style correction: make key values easy to scan for, avoid possessives
